## Welcome to DRE Framework Initiative ##

The search engines of World Wide Web have brought numerous people the ability to retrieve and browse internet information with ease. They have been very successful in meeting the expectations of general knowledge consumers looking for generic information on the internet. One of the key reasons for success of web search engines is their ability to identify structure among published internet documents, with the help of crawlers that exploit the hyperlinked nature of web. Enterprise knowledge consumers have much more complex requirements than simple literal searches. Accelerated rates of information explosion or its expiration coupled with unstructured nature of enterprise content have forced users to explore new avenues for effective search and information retrieval inside an enterprise setting. Unlike a generic user on the internet, an enterprise consumer often has more information on what he is looking for, in the form of documents, images or information artifacts. Establishing relationships between a given artifact and the content already available on an enterprise has become a very challenging task.

In this effort we plan to build a modular distributed research engine framework that helps users to query information by providing a sample artifact over a wide variety of enterprise and public data sources containing structured as well as unstructured content. Quiet often the enterprise consumers want to choose between the data sources over which the search is being performed rather than looking through the every information source inside the enterprise; where each information source can be structured or unstructured. Users should be able to relate the contents of a document artifact to the existing content in enterprise by dynamically querying several configured data sources and presenting them to the user in an appealing fashion.

## 